QUERIES:

1) Display all the information of the EMP table?

select * from empy;


2) Display unique Jobs from EMP table?

select distinct job from empy;


3) List the emps in the asc order of their Salaries?

select * from empy order by sal asc;


4) List the details of the emps in asc order of the Dptnos and desc of Jobs? 

select * from empy order by deptno,job desc;


5)Display all the unique job groups in the descending order?

select distinct job from empy order by job desc;  


6) Display all the details of all ‘Mgrs’

select * from empy where empno in(select mgr from empy);

7) List the emps who joined before 1981.

select * from empy where hiredate<1981 (or)

select * from empy order by hiredate asc limit 1;


8) List the Empno, Ename, Sal, Daily sal of all emps in the asc order of Annsal.

select empno,ename,sal,sal/30 as daily_sal,12*sal as annsal from empy order by annsal asc;


9) Display the Empno, Ename, job, Hiredate, Exp of all Mgrs

select empno,ename,job,hiredate,datediff(sysdate(),hiredate)/365 as exp from empy where empno in (select mgr from empy);


10) List the Empno, Ename, Sal, Exp of all emps working for Mgr 7369.


select empno,ename,sal,datediff(sysdate(),hiredate)/365 as exp from empy where(select mgr=7369 from empy);(or)

select empno,ename,sal,datediff(sysdate(),hiredate)/365 as exp from empy where mgr=7369;


11) Display all the details of the emps whose Comm. Is more than their Sal.

select * from empy where comm>sal;

12) List the emps in the asc order of Designations of those joined after the second half of 1981.

List the emps along with their Exp and Daily Sal is more than Rs.100.
List the emps who are either ‘CLERK’ or ‘ANALYST’ in the Desc order.
List the emps who joined on 1-MAY-81,3-DEC-81,17-DEC-81,19-JAN-80 in asc order of seniority.
List the emp who are working for the Deptno 10 or20.
List the emps who are joined in the year 81.
List the emps who are joined in the month of Aug 1980.
List the emps Who Annual sal ranging from 22000 and 45000.
List the Enames those are having five characters in their Names.
List the Enames those are starting with ‘S’ and with five characters.
List the emps those are having four chars and third character must be ‘r’.
List the Five character names starting with ‘S’ and ending with ‘H’.
List the emps who joined in January.
List the emps who joined in the month of which second character is ‘a’.
List the emps whose Sal is four digit number ending with Zero.
List the emps whose names having a character set ‘ll’ together.
List the emps those who joined in 80’s.
List the emps who does not belong to Deptno 20.
List all the emps except ‘PRESIDENT’ & ‘MGR” in asc order of Salaries.
List all the emps who joined before or after 1981.
List the emps whose Empno not starting with digit78.
List the emps who are working under ‘MGR’.
List the emps who joined in any year but not belongs to the month of March.
List all the Clerks of Deptno 20.
List the emps of Deptno 30 or 10 joined in the year 1981.
Display the details of SMITH.
Display the location of  SMITH.
List the total information of EMP table along with DNAME and Loc of all the emps Working Under ‘ACCOUNTING’ & ‘RESEARCH’ in the asc Deptno.
List the Empno, Ename, Sal, Dname of all the ‘MGRS’ and ‘ANALYST’ working in New York, Dallas with an exp more than 7 years without receiving the Comm asc order of Loc.
Display the Empno, Ename, Sal, Dname, Loc, Deptno, Job of all emps working at CJICAGO or working for ACCOUNTING dept with Ann Sal>28000, but the Sal should not be=3000 or 2800 who doesn’t belongs to the Mgr and whose no is having a digit ‘7’ or ‘8’ in 3rd position in the asc order of Deptno and desc order of job.
Display the total information of the emps along with Grades in the asc order.
List all the Grade2 and Grade 3 emps.
Display all Grade 4,5 Analyst and Mgr.
List the Empno, Ename, Sal, Dname, Grade, Exp, and Ann Sal of emps working for Dept10 or20.
List all the information of emp with Loc and the Grade of all the emps belong to the Grade range from 2 to 4 working at the Dept those are not starting with char set ‘OP’ and not ending with ‘S’ with the designation having a char ‘a’ any where joined in the year 1981 but not in the month of Mar or Sep and Sal not end with ‘00’ in the asc order of Grades

List the details of the Depts along with Empno, Ename or without the emps
List the details of the emps whose Salaries more than the employee BLAKE.
List the emps whose Jobs are same as ALLEN.
List the emps who are senior to King.
